README.md, before:

# Terranite paper
Terranite is a folia compatible World Edit plugin copy. It is based on the original World Edit plugin, with a few tweaks. This repository is focussed on paper development. Same functionalities as the original folia variant.

Check published version for easy download:<br/>
https://modrinth.com/plugin/terranite

### Supported versions
- Folia 1.21.4
- Paper 1.21.4

### Commands
These commands are available in the following aliases:<br/>
-`/s`<br/>
-`/selection`<br/>
-`/terra`<br/>
-`/terranite`

| Command                       | Description                                              |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| `/s wand`                     | Gives the player a Terra wand to make selections.        |
| `/s clear`                    | Clears the positions set of a selection.                 |
| `/s count <block>`            | Counts all (specified) blocks in a selection.            |
| `/s set <block>`              | Sets all blocks in a selection to a new block.           |
| `/s fill <block>`             | Fills all air blocks in a selection to a new block.      |
| `/s break <block>`            | Breaks all (specified) blocks in a selection.            |
| `/s replace <block> <block>`  | Replaces all blocks in a selection to another block.     |
| `/s pos <1-2> <x> <y> <z>`    | Sets position 1 or 2 of a selection to a specific coord. |
| `/s select <radius>`          | Selects a specific radius around the player.             |
| `/s copy`                     | Copies all blocks in a selection.                        |
| `/s cut`                      | Cuts all blocks in a selection.                          |
| `/s paste`                    | Pasts a copied/cut selection.                            |
| `/s undo`                     | Undo's the previous action done.                         |
| `/s paste`                    | Redo's the previous undo action done.                    |
| `/s generate <shape> <block>` | Generate a shape with a specific block.                  |
| `/s reload`                   | Reloads the config file. (Admin)                         |


### Config

| Var                  | Default | Description                                                                                        |
|----------------------|---------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `max_selection_size` | 500_000 | Maximum volume of blocks a selection can have. Used to limit excessive lag. -1 for unlimited size. |
| `blocked_blocks`     |         | List of blocks you can't set, fill, ...                                                            |

### Permissions

| Permission        | Default | Description                             |
|-------------------|---------|-----------------------------------------|
| `terranite.use`   | OP      | Basic usage of Terranite.               |
| `terranite.admin` | OP      | Access advanced commands of Terranite.  |

Commit message:

v1.2.0 - Security, sounds & effects
- Can't summon multiple wands anymore
- Can't shoot the arrow with a (cross)bow anymore
- Server notification when new version will be available
- Deletes the wand if the holder gets rid of it (dropping, storing in container, shooting, ...)
- New permnodes:
 - `terranite.exempt.*` - Covers all subpermnodes
 - `terranite.exempt.selection` - Exempt from the limit of blocks you can select at once
 - `terranite.exempt.blockedBlocks` - Exempt from not be able to use blocked blocks
 - `terranite.exempt.notifiedBlocks` - Exempt from being notified to console
- New config parameters:
 - `log_notifications` - Logs all actions done to a log file
 - `notified_blocks` - Blocks that give a notification to the console when used
 - `select_effect` - Effect of selecting
 - `outline_effect` - Effect of the outline
 - `play_sound` - If selecting should make sound
 - `select_sound` - Sound of selecting
- Simplified internal logic
- Fixed minor bugs

README.md, after:

# Terranite
Terranite is a folia compatible World Edit plugin copy. It is based on the original World Edit plugin, with a few tweaks. This repository is focussed on paper development. Same functionalities as the original folia variant.

Check published version for easy download:<br/>
https://modrinth.com/plugin/terranite

### Supported versions
- Folia 1.21.4
- Paper 1.21.4

### Commands
These commands are available in the following aliases:<br/>
-`/s`<br/>
-`/selection`<br/>
-`/terra`<br/>
-`/terranite`

| Command                       | Description                                              |
|-------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| `/s wand`                     | Gives the player a Terra wand to make selections.        |
| `/s clear`                    | Clears the positions set of a selection.                 |
| `/s count <block>`            | Counts all (specified) blocks in a selection.            |
| `/s set <block>`              | Sets all blocks in a selection to a new block.           |
| `/s fill <block>`             | Fills all air blocks in a selection to a new block.      |
| `/s break <block>`            | Breaks all (specified) blocks in a selection.            |
| `/s replace <block> <block>`  | Replaces all blocks in a selection to another block.     |
| `/s pos <1-2> <x> <y> <z>`    | Sets position 1 or 2 of a selection to a specific coord. |
| `/s select <radius>`          | Selects a specific radius around the player.             |
| `/s copy`                     | Copies all blocks in a selection.                        |
| `/s cut`                      | Cuts all blocks in a selection.                          |
| `/s paste`                    | Pasts a copied/cut selection.                            |
| `/s undo`                     | Undo's the previous action done.                         |
| `/s paste`                    | Redo's the previous undo action done.                    |
| `/s generate <shape> <block>` | Generate a shape with a specific block.                  |
| `/s reload`                   | Reloads the config file. (Admin)                         |


### Config

| Var                  | Default                | Description                                                                                        |
|----------------------|------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `max_selection_size` | 500_000                | Maximum volume of blocks a selection can have. Used to limit excessive lag. -1 for unlimited size. |
| `blocked_blocks`     |                        | List of blocks you can't set, fill, ...                                                            |
| `notified_blocks`    |                        | List of blocks that give a notification to the console when being used.                            |
| `log_notifications`  | false                  | If the notifications should be logged to server files.                                             |
| `select_effect`      | HAPPY_VILLAGER         | Effect of selecting.                                                                               |
| `outline_effect`     | HAPPY_VILLAGER         | Effect of the outline.                                                                             |
| `play_sound`         | false                  | If selecting should make sound.                                                                    |
| `select_sound`       | BLOCK_NOTE_BLOCK_PLING | Sound of selecting                                                                                 |

### Permissions

| Permission                        | Default | Description                                             |
|-----------------------------------|---------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| `terranite.use`                   | OP      | Basic usage of Terranite.                               |
| `terranite.admin`                 | OP      | List of blocks you can't set, fill, ...                 |
| `terranite.exempt.*`              | OP      | Covers all subpermissions.                              |
| `terranite.exempt.selection`      | OP      | Exempt from the limit of blocks you can select at once. |
| `terranite.exempt.blockedBlocks`  | OP      | Exempt from not be able to use blocked blocks.          |
| `terranite.exempt.notifiedBlocks` | OP      | Exempt from being notified to console.                  |
